- RYAN: This is your room.
It's where you study and sleep
for the next three years.
Training starts tomorrow
at five AM. Don't be late.
- NICK: Come on, Holmes! Keep up!
Find your grip.
Use your momentum to swing across.
Hurry!
That's it, Holmes!
Come on! We haven't got all day!
- ???: Take cover.
Aim.
Shoot.
Advance to next cover.
Got it?
Come on! Get outta there!
Come on!
Fire! Come on!
Good.
- MAN: Excellent, Jodie!
- NICK: Okay, recruit.
Now get rid of those oil drums.
Good.
Let's keep going.
- ???: Faster!
Keep your fat arse down!
Keep up!
Move it, recruit!
It's not a fucking Sunday stroll!
- RYAN: Not bad.
Not bad, Jodie.
If this wasn't an exercise,
you'd be dead by now.
- JODIE: If this wasn't an exercise...
...you wouldn't even be able
to open your big mouth, Ryan.
- RYAN: (CHUCKLES)
Congratulations, Operative Holmes.
You made it.
Welcome to the agency.
- JODIE: Thank you, sir.
- RYAN: Yeah, Jodie.
Welcome to the agency.
- NICK: Hey, looks like you made it!
- ???: Great job, Jodie!
Congratulations!
- NICK: Brilliant!